Text update to balances.faq (#66)
wealthkernel/api-documentation-guides: docs/balances/FAQs.md

## How does balances differ from valuations?

> Valuations provide a history of the value of a portfolio whereas balances provides an indicative value of a portfolio currently, based on last night prices for securities and FX rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valuations provide a history of the value of a portfolio whereas balances provides an indicative value of a portfolio currently, based on the previous day's closing prices for securities and FX rates.
```

FX rates is an awkward one to word here as there is never really a closing rate
